Travel and Tourism-
Fast image recognition would undoubtedly yield its benefits in the travel and tourism sector. When visiting a foreign country, there are many places, monuments, foods
etc which we may be curious about. Fast image recognitoion will be able to instantly analyse these places / objects and be able to provide relevant information to us
about them, including their history, culture and whatnot, eliminating the need to spend extra money on having a guide. This ability to recognise places and monuments
can also help tourist who find themselves lost, and can translate signs disregarding fonts used. Limitations of this would be that the country / region may have many
similar looking places or monuments making the aforementioned benefit inutile. Furthermore, cultural foods may seem similar to foods in other coutries, or may only 
differ by taste / spices, having no visual difference, making it impossible for the image recognition to tell them apart solely by appearance. Risks of the use of the
technology in the tourism sector is, again, it would lead to a fall in demand for guides, putting the industry at risk. Many could lose jobs, which may be a large 
source for GDP the country. Not only that, but the technology to distinguish a location by its features or monuments can be used maliciously, making it easier to doxx
someone with only a picture they may have posted on their social media.

Gaming and Entertainment-
Fast image recognition has its potential in games and entertainment. With rise in virtual technology, we could see integration of this fast image recognition to sort of
blend the two realities, a semi-virtual reality, that can detect everything around us and change how they appear. Within gaming, the fast recognition may lead to people
using it to give themselves unfair advatages, being able to more easily spot enemies in a first person shooter for example. This is either a benefit or risk depending on 
how it affects you, but should in general be considered a risk. Fast image recognition could also be used to create robots which could be used for entertainment. This 
could include things like robot pets. Limitations of the technology in gaming and entertainment is how well the technology can operate. For example, it still has
potential to mis-identify things correctly, which may lead to issues in the previously mentiones semi-reality and robots. Risks of it would be the aforementioned
cheating in games, but also ethical problems of if its ok to live a semi-virtual reality and what psychological or social problems could arise from doing so.

Education and Learning-
Within the field of teaching, fast image recognition has few applications. It may be able to lead to more effective school systems, like tracking students and their acti-
vities, though that integration would be costly and deemed dystopian. The technology can, however, be used for aiding our research and learning of the universe. It can 
lead to more effective obervations, and could potentially spot things we may miss. Limitations are the cost of using the tech, and again how well it operates to be consid
ered useful. Risks that it bears are few.

Transport and Navigation-
Use of fast image recognition is usually associated with self driving cars. The technology allows for vehicles to operate without need for a driver, by detecting roads 
and signs and other stimuli, and reacting accordingly. It is argued to be safer than actual human drivers, and even has ai that is taught how to react in very specific
ethical situations, for example to hit an old lady or a child, something that must be distinguished by the fast recognition technology. Self driving cars also operate
on software which has way more hours of driving experience than most people, and react to stimuli better. Limitations come from the fast image recognition system to not
mis identify, as it could lead to serious issues. Failing to identify things could also be a situation of life and death, and until the technology is near perfect, it 
is far from safe for use. Risks are, again, misidentifying objects, which could mean death or traffic. It may also put many people out of employment, like cab drivers,
truck drivers, or people who work for apps like Uber and Swift.

Medicine and Healthcare-
Fast image recognition can be used in the medical field to assist in differentiating between cells, to possibly spot cancerous ones, and do things as such which may be 
too hard or tedious to be done by humans. It could also be seen used to assits in hospitals as robots, which could deliver / move things, or maybe even help perform 
surgery. Limitations are the ability of the technology, and maybe also cost. Risks are wether they misidentify cells, or mess up with assisting surgery which would be 
fatal for patients. 

